Update description (#3)
home-assistant/analytics.home-assistant.io: README.md

This recieves the payload from the [`analytics` integration](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/analytics/) and stores that data in a KV store.

- Entries are kept for a maximum of 60 days since last update.

> - 5 minutes over each hour, a new dataset are generated from the values in the KV store and stored in a special key that the website can easily get.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 5 minutes over each full hour, a new data set is generated from the values in the KV store and stored in a special key that the website can easily get.
```
